(laidback guitar music)
[Kagenou]
The school was half destroyed,
so we started
summer break early.
Most of the students
have gone back home,
and it's quiet in the dorms.
I don't have anything
to do at home,
so I decided to stay here.
But it turns out there's
nothing to do here either.
(yawns)
(wings fluttering)
Then I got a letter from Alpha.
Hmm...
So the time has come
to settle old accounts.
Yes, of course,
it's the final resting place
of ancient memories
and demonic grudges:
the Sacred Land, Lindwurm.
(OPENING THEME)
(quiet chatter)
(yawns)
(birds chirping outside)
(light snoring)
(sleepily) Um, Boss...
(metal scraping)
(thud)
(clatter)
(giggles)
Another day,
another beautiful me!
(magical twinkling)
Perfection!
When I met Lord Shadow,
I gained the power to fight
against two fates.
(violin music)
[Epsilon] What is that?
[Cid] This is the power
to change your fate.
When you can change
your form at will,
you can change a fate
doomed to defeat.
You can be victorious.
[Epsilon] Fate...
Change your fate and
take hold of the truth
that lurks in the shadows
of this world.
Take hold.
[Epsilon] Take hold...
of the truth!
My Lord, I swear to you,
I will claim victory
over nature.
(footsteps echoing)
Crimson eyes that
sparkle brighter
than the moon in the heavens,
(classical guitar music)
supple locks whose luster put
the finest silk to shame,
the words he speaks cause even
the demons to cower in fear,
a man in the purest black that
is virile, yet beautiful...
[Zenon] I see. So you with your
muscles finely sculpted
and your visage
a sublime perfection,
you're the stray dog
that's been
snapping at the cult
as of late.
(aside) You would call Lord
Shadow a "stray dog"?!
(soaring string music)
My name is Shadow,
he who lurks in the shadows
and hunts the shadows.
I will be the one to lead that
beautiful young elf
to her salvation.
Lord Shadow!
My apologies.
I shouldn't have kept you
waiting, my charming elf.
Now that I'm here, I will...
I will...
[Beta] No good!
It seems just a little too
overly dramatic.
(sighs in frustration)
(birds chirping outside)
That's no excuse to use
such a shoddy character
as a female lead!
Maybe I should go outside and
get some fresh air?
Where did I leave my clothes?
(birds chirping)
[Epsilon] Good morning, Beta.
(boing)
[Beta] Good morning, Epsilon.
[Epsilon] (giggles)
[Beta] (soft growl)
-Is it my imagination?
-Huh?
-I feel as if our Lord Shadow
(boing, boing)
-has been looking my way more
frequently as of late.
(boing, boing)
Many times I have felt the
intense passion of his gaze
(bright campy music)
right here at my supple bosom,
you see.
(gasps) That can't be right!
It must be some mistake.
[Epsilon] Oh, it's no mistake.
Please, surely you've noticed
it yourself, Beta.
[Epsilong] After all,
you and I are definitely
[girl] Oh?
-much more aware of
those sorts of glances.
-Ah!
[Beta] That's true...
(cat meows)
[Beta] But is it right for me,
[girl] Hi! (cat meows)
-little old me, to charm our
imminent master like that?
-(giggles) (gasps)
[Epsilon] I mean, you felt the
Lord's impassioned gaze
yourself, haven't you?
After all, YOUR boobs are far
larger than MY meager bust.
[Beta] What?! I mean, no, I-
[Epsilon] What's this?!
Have you not felt his gaze?!
[girl] See?
[Nu] What are you two doing,
may I ask?
[Epsilon] Huh? Oh!
(cat meowing)
Oh, hey!
Good morning, there, Nu.
Is there something the matter?
(sighs)
We have received a directive
from Lady Alpha.
[Iris] This is a very
successful business, I see.
[Alexia]
Everyone in the capital is
talking about this place.
They have everything,
and it's all the best quality.
(quiet chatter)
Well, I really only
came to help you shop
for your upcoming trip,
but I see.
It's a fascinating place.
[Alexia] Isn't it? And you
really should be aware
of the trends in
the Royal Capitol.
[Iris] You can follow the
trends if you want,
but don't forget
why you're here.
You are heading off
to the Sacred Land
as a special guest
for the Goddess' Trial.
I know, I know!
But it's normal for
the special guest
to mingle with the archbishop,
remember?
I can use that time
as an opportunity to look into
the dark rumors about corruption
and missing orphans.
And since I'm just
a helpless little princess,
no one will suspect a thing.
It's true that people
are less guarded
around you than around me.
Now I'm starting to think that
maybe I shouldn't have
told you about the
investigation.
Pardon me, your Highness.
I'm terribly sorry I didn't
pay my respects sooner.
I am the president of this
humble establishment, you see?
My name is Luna.
(cheery orchestra music)
Delicious, the citrus one
is really good, too.
It's an unusual flavor.
I will take both of them.
Send them to my dorm, please.
Thank you for your patronage.
It's very much appreciated.
If you have any more
new products,
will you choose some for me?
Absolutely, I will,
your Highness.
Alexia, the reason we came here
was to prepare for your trip.
I know, I know.
Oh, you will be traveling?
[Alexia] To the Sacred Land.
[Gamma] My, my, my...
Then allow me to select some
items that you may need.
Oh, thank you.
I won't be needing it
for my trip,
but I wonder if you could show
me some articles of clothing
that perhaps you
would recommend?
If you're looking for
party dresses,
we already ordered you several
that should suffice.
Oh no, it's nothing like that.
I want something that's more
for every day wear, you know?
Something that's more casual.
Are you meaning as
a gift for a friend?
[Alexia]
Um, not exactly a gift,
but it's not exactly
for me either.
(chuckles)
[Gamma] Then may I suggest
something along these lines?
[both] Hmm?
(Luna claps)
(magical twinkling)
[Iris] Th-th-those?!
Wait, but those are-
Those are women's
undergarments.
They are called
thong underwear.
Th-thong underwear?
[Iris] Um, I feel that there is
not enough fabric coverage,
and I can also see
through some of it.
It is my understanding
that these are
very pleasing to the men-folk.
[Iris] Men-folk?
Alexia, don't tell me that you-
Iris...
(gasps)
[Alexia] I...
I am confident that I have
finely-shaped buttocks.
[Iris] That is not the issue!
Unhand those panties!
(hmphf) Look, Iris,
I am confident
that I have a finely-shaped-
You have already said that!
Your Highness, you may try
them on if you like.
[Iris] Huh?!
[Alexia] I'd love to.
Oh, you will not!
You're plotting to put them on
then take advantage
of my confusion to buy them.
[Gamma] Princess Iris,
I believe you've been given
the wrong impression.
A thong is an undergarment that
was made for women.
[Iris] That's not what
you said a minute ago.
[Gamma] I happen to be
wearing one right now.
See? Even under a dress
of such thin fabric,
there's no panty line visible.
[Alexia] Amazing!
Iris, you HAVE to see this.
[Iris] No, thank you.
[Alexia] I'll just step into
the dressing room.
[Iris] Alexia?!
Hold it right there, Alexia.
Now see here, you need to
take off your shoes
and fold your clothes.
[Alexia] So nice to the touch.
Now how does it feel to wear?
[Iris] Alexia, how can you...
Those garments are
completely see through!
[Alexia]
They cover just barely enough.
[Iris] That is not enough.
It's clearly revealing your...
Anyway, no, you can't have
them. I won't allow it!
[Alexia]
And you won't change your mind?
[Iris]
I will NOT change my mind.
[Alexia] I see...
But Iris...
Alexia, what are you...
Look, Iris, I refuse to be
bombarded with words
I don't need to hear.
I want to value
the words of those
who will acknowledge me
despite my worthless existence.
But that's... Please, you...
If you refuse to allow me
this thong, Iris,
then I, of course, will yield.
I very much want to wear
a thong to win him.
I mean,
I have a strong personal desire
to wear a thong,
but I WILL yield.
So please answer me this, Iris.
Do thongs really deserve
your absolute and
unwavering rejection?
Iris?
I wouldn't...
necessarily say "absolute."
Then I will take them!
(Iris sighs)
I'd like to buy this
and a few of the same
in different patterns.
Oh, and that g-string!
Can I try that on?
[Iris] Oh, well.
[students]
This way's no good either.
-Break it down!
-Stop the fire from spreading.
-If it goes underground,
it'll do more damage.
-I found another one.
These wounds are deep.
-Get him to the infirmary!
It's a separate building.
The fire won't reach it.
(Rose panting)
(sad piano music)
(people groaning)
(gasps)
[Rose] Cid Kageno...
[Kagenou] I'm dead.
Thank heavens.
I'm so glad you're alive.
Your unwavering effort and love
must have produced a miracle.
I acknowledge and accept all of
your feelings for me.
You sacrificed yourself
for my life.
So now I...
I will give you my heart.
(train chugging)
In that moment,
I felt the hand of destiny.
My dear Cid, you are the one.
[Kagenou] Yeah,
I'm gonna need some space.
(train whistle)
(monster roars)
[Rose] We won't be arriving in
the Sacred Land for two days.
So let's relax and
get plenty of rest.
[Cid] Good idea.
(happy chuckle)
[Kagenou]
The Sacred Land's so close
(beasts yapping)
I could have just sprinted at
full speed and I'd be there.
Taking an economy class seat
on the train
like a proper
background character...
Big mistake.
(sighs)
Are you okay?
I'm fine. It's nothing.
[Kagenou] She happened to find
me at the station.
She said we should go together
and wouldn't take
no for an answer.
[Rose] Say "when."
[Cid] When.
[Rose]
I assume you're going for the
Goddess' Trial then, as well.
Ah, yeah,
that would be correct.
[Kagenou] I figure that's what
Alpha summoned me for.
[Rose]
I've seen the real you, Cid.
I know how very brave you are.
I am quite certain
that our path together
will be a thorny one.
No one will give us
their blessing
or approve of our union.
[Kagenou] The most popular
religion in this world
is the Divine Teachings.
(upbeat, slightly campy music)
It's a faith that worships
the sacred tenets
of the goddess Beatrix.
[Rose] But it is said that
after the goddess granted
the legendary
heroes her powers,
they built up wealth
from humble beginnings
and married the princesses
of great kingdoms.
So I believe that at the end
of every thorny path,
there awaits a blessed
and happy future.
If you can make it through
the Goddess' Trial,
I will be able to
speak to my father
of an incredibly
brave young man.
[Kagenou] One of the holy sites
in these Divine Teachings
is where we're headed now,
Lindwurm.
It's where the goddess
descended upon the Earth
to grant power
to three heroes.
Supposedly.
We will follow this thorny path
and overcome its
obstacles together.
In consequence, our love will
be bound ever more tightly.
This is... THAT thing.
Unfortunately, we can't speak
of this to anyone yet,
but let us do all that we can
for our bright, happy future.
[Kagenou]
Love, happiness, the future...
It's such a typical cliché.
She's trying to convert me
to her religion.
Yeah,
I'm gonna need some space.
(giggles) Oh?
[Kagenou]
Somehow I evaded her nonstop,
two day, missionary efforts,
and I finally arrived at the
Sacred Land of Lindwurm.
(church bell ringing)
[priest] Just then, a black
rose shown in the night sky,
and it's petals rained down
upon the warriors.
The beautiful petals
fluttered down...
[Cid] Why is every one
of these a left arm?
Legend has it that this is
where the Hero Olivier
caught off the left arm of the
Demon Diablos, long ago,
and somewhere within the steep
mountains surrounding the
Sacred Land
are ruins known as
the Sanctuary.
They say that is where
they have sealed away
the left arm of Diablos.
Yeah, that makes sense,
which would explain the
sword and left arm.
[Rose] (gasps)
[Cid] Hmm?
[Rose]
My favorite author, Natsume,
is having a book signing.
I'm her biggest fan.
[Cid] Natsume?
[Rose] She's a popular novelist
known for her
tremendous imagination
and her fresh and original
world building.
Romance, mystery, action,
fairy tales...
She even writes literature
in the classic style.
She's a master of every genre!
And her stories are so diverse,
it's like they're written
by different people.
It's amazing!
[Cid] Sounds like she
covers everything,
almost like she's been rebo-
Ah, I mean, nevermind.
I didn't say anything.
[Cid] "The Mid-summer
Natsume Collection."
(playful orchestra music)
"I am a Dragon",
"Romeo and Julietta",
"Asharella",
"Crimson Riding Hood",
"Star It's a Trap Wars",
"The One Purse",
"Dragon Bolt X"...
"Kage no Jitsuryo... ku..."
No, can't read it.
Huh...
[Kagenou] The plagiarism is so
blatant it's almost refreshing.
This can't be a coincidence.
There must be someone else
who's been reincarnated from...
(Natsume giggles)
[Kagenou] Guess I'm going
to need to make sure.
(excited gasp)
What does she think
she's doing?
Here, hand me your book.
(Beta giggles)
(upbeat orchestra music)
So how's business?
Well, I really can't complain.
My name's getting out there,
people know me,
and it's all thanks to your
wisdom, my Lord.
First Gamma and now her?
Beta told me she
likes literature.
So I told her a few stories
from my past life.
The idea was that she could
use them as inspiration
to come up with a cool story.
I didn't expect her to
steal them wholesale
to make a profit.
[Natsume] Here you are.
It contains all the
details of the mission.
Beta, Beta, Beta...
I'm disappointed in you.
[Rose] I didn't know you were a
fan of Natsume's work too.
No, I just-
Oh, look at this!
She personalized it
with my name
when she was signing
her autograph.
[Kagenou] Signing autographs,
has she absolutely no shame?
So did you also get your
autograph personalized?
Oh, now that you mention it...
Hmm?
Wait,
are those ancient letters?
[Cid] Looks like it, yeah.
Can you read them?
[Rose] Ancient writing isn't
a required course,
so I really only know
the very basics.
And these letters look like
they're written in
extreme shorthand.
So I'm not sure if the meaning
would come across
even if I could read it.
[Cid] Uh-huh...
[Rose] But why would she write
in the ancient alphabet?
Why would she...
Because it's cool, obviously.
Because it's... it's cool?
[Cid] Yeah, it's very cool.
Yeah, very cool.
I didn't realize that's the
kind of thing men were into.
(sad orchestra music)
It is time. We want to know the
truth, Great Hero Olivier.
What did you really do
with the place
they call the Sanctuary?
The more we unravel the threads
of history's darkness,
the more fact mingles
with fiction.
Tell me, Archbishop Drake,
what is it you were hiding
all this time?
If you were only able to speak,
I would love to hear
your answers.
Who killed you?
Would they dispose of a man
even of your high status?
Tomorrow we wait for the moment
that the door is
finally opened.
(door opens)
Your Grace, Archbishop Drake!
(gasps) What sacrilege!
[knight] Lock down the
cathedral at once!
Don't let the murderer escape.
(bells tolling)
(Cid laughs)
The bells ring out to announce
the arrival of chaos...
and I look down on
the proceedings
from my high vantage point.
Yes, this is how I like it.
Huh?
(chuckles) I won't fault you
for making that choice,
but it won't be enough to
change the ultimate outcome.
(swords clang)
(laughs)
(assassin chokes)
(schwing)
(assassin groans)
(blood splatters)
The magically infused sword
strikes your victim...
I must say I would expect
nothing less of Epsilon,
the Precise.
I'm honored.
[Cid] I got Alpha's letter.
(intricate guitar music)
I mean, the mission.
Yes, the mission,
how's it going?
[Epsilon]
The target was eliminated by
the cult's executioner.
We took out his henchman,
but the executioner has
gone into hiding.
An executioner? How cool!
[Epsilon]
We are moving on to Plan B.
So cool!
Very well, then, but you do
know what that means, right?
[Epsilon] We are prepared
for the consequences.
I will proceed
with my own plans.
Do not fail me.
Sir.
Epsilon is a very proud woman.
I can tell by the amount of
slime she's piled onto herself.
(ENDING THEME)